challenges:
-Learning the App router and more about server components
-Ensuring that the database connection was available 
before the route logic occurred
-Typically when I'm using react I could just store state in a useState,
but since we're working with multiple pages, and I want to take advantage
of the App router, I moved some state into session storage instead.
-I forgot to make my database accessible from the ip that my deployment would be which caused
me some hassle.

interesting things:
-I'm trying out gray-first-design, in which I don't use any colors other
than gray for the initial design and layout


On the app router:

Server components use cases:
Great for when you would want to make a fetch to an API to get data and then
render it on a page where the data would not change. Also great with a database
instead of an API in the same use case.

Good for when you just want to render a plain static html page.

Anything with state or interactivity does not seem possible with server components.
When you want interactivity, you can put a client component inside a server component.

I've only been working on this for a day, so of course I might be wrong about this, but
it seems like a big problem is when you have two components that rely on one another,
and they are in the same parent server component. 
If you press a button which should change a view in a sibling component, the parent
component can't be a server component (since you would want to pass the state up
to the parent, and then pass the state down to the other child component as props).
This seems to lead me to make container components with "use client" more often than I
might want to, and it creates some new architectural questions to be answered when
designing a page.

Another problem I encountered was dealing with checking if a user was logged in or not.
I was using session storage in order to hold some state outside of my view, but still
easily accessible. In order to check if a user is logged in, I'd check the session
storage for their username, but doing this is only possible in a client component. 
This made me think about which components needed to know the username, but raises the
question: "Should I store the user's login status in the page component (forcing the
page to be a client component), or should I query the session storage in every single
client component that depends on login status on the page?
I'll have to think of alternative methods and how they would interact with this problem.
For example, could this be avoided by storing the username into the page url, instead
of into session storage